BookSale
University book


Developed by
1. Tanvir Ahmed, Department of Computer Science And Engineering, University of Dhaka
2. Mithun Mondal, Department of Computer Science And Engineering, University of Dhaka

Introduction
Book is an important part in every step in our life. God has been kind enough to create such
miracles of narrowing down the world into small, flat, rigid squares of papers. Book is the
primary material for developing ourselves. It’s a basic element of study material for a student.
In Bangladesh, There are so many public and private universities which have numerous
departments and subjects. Every year, a large amount of students are admitted into those
universities and they need lots of books in every semester of their following studying duration of
their academic career. In our country, major portion of students are come from middle class
family. So that, their family are not enough capable for maintain their educational expenses. But
students need their academic and reference books to continue their study. So there create a
problem for those students.
To analysis this particular problem for university students, we design and develop an
e-commerce site like online book shop named “BookSale”.

Users and their roles :
This part will describe users, important features of “BookSale” and  use cases of the system.

Anonymous user:

1. Basically anonymous users are the university going students who are looking for
their desired academic and reference books in every semester of their academic
life through our BookSale E-commerce site.

2. They can search or view their departmental reference books to buy those are to be
sold.

3. Students can find books in various ways like division wise books, university wise books, latest books

3. They can find the contact information of book’s owner from add posting of book
through our website and ask to the book’s owner for buy through email or mobile.

4. They can find using better search option to buy their desired books in nearby
locations of their own university or others.


Registered User:

1. Registered users are mainly university’s students those use lots of academic and
their reference books in every semester or year.

2. Users can add post of books which they interest to sale.

3. They can also create their own category list like a library using their university
recommendation of posted books.

4. They can also buy/exchange from this site.

5. They can request for their necessary books which they want to buy and get notification whenever this requested book is available.

6. They can give rating those users who are supposed to be good seller.


Technology
1. JSP SERVLET
2. Sitemesh
3. Twitter Bootstrap 3 (Latest)
4. Css 3 (Latest)
5. Jquery

Build Tools
1. Gradle 1.12

Web Server
1.Tomcat 7.0

Database
1.MySQL